TERMS OF SERVICE
The Following is the Terms of Service of SalvationDevelopment that all Users have agreed to upon Installation.

Owners, Developers, Investors, and Interns, Volenteers, and users of higher than standard ranking, access, or otherwise listed within the site, the site, the launcher, server side software, and /or launcher, are hereafter known as SalvationDevelopment, administration, and or software where context is appropriate.

Privacy Policy

Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.

Materials from all SalvationDevelopment websites identify themselves with unique identifiers, this information may at times be sent back to us along with including but not limited to; the username and the internet protocol and/or media access control address of the computer executing it. This information can be used to terminate the operation of what SalvationDevelopment instance deemed breaching Terms of Service.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.

We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.

We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate; where allowed by law.

Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.

We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification, including necessary legal actions.

We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.

1. Terms

You must be 17 years or older to access this site, or use the materials there in. By accessing this web site or using the launcher, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site and related integrated software are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.

2. Use License

First & foremost, usage of the SalvationDevelopment software and/or its related services is, and always will be, a privilege, not a right.

Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on SalvationDevelopment’s web site for personal, non-commercial viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

1. Attempt to recompile or reverse engineer any software contained on SalvationDevelopment’s web site, for use as a competitor. Software may be decompiled, or edited for the advancement of the software, or interoperablity as outlined in the included license only. Wide spread use requires written consent from senior SalvationDevelopment administration.

2. Remove any copyright licensing or other proprietary notations from the materials; or

3. Transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by SalvationDevelopment at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.

SalvationDevelopment withholds the right to identify copies of its software to enforce this License; or terminate support of a particular copy, or group of copies. SalvationDevelopment may terminate service of a copy of its materials based on the behavior or misconduct of the license holder outlined above and below. SalvationDevelopment holds the right to terminate access to its site to users in breach of contract indefinitely.

3. Disclaimer

The materials on SalvationDevelopment’s web site are provided “as is”. SalvationDevelopment makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, SalvationDevelopment does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.

4. Limitations

In no event shall SalvationDevelopment or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on SalvationDevelopment’s Internet site, even if SalvationDevelopment or a SalvationDevelopment authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

5. Revisions and Errata

The materials appearing on SalvationDevelopment’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. SalvationDevelopment does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. SalvationDevelopment may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. SalvationDevelopment does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials, or the material copies you may possess.

6. Links

SalvationDevelopment has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by SalvationDevelopment of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk. This includes auto directed links.

7. Site Terms of Use Modifications

SalvationDevelopment may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.

8. Governing Law

Any claim relating to SalvationDevelopment’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of North Caroline without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.